CHAPTERS ONE THROUGH THREE OF EPHESIANS
THIS IS A LIBRAVOX RECORDING
ALL LIBRAVOX RECORDINGS ARE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN
FOR MORE INFORMATION OR TO VOLUNTEER PLEASE VISIT LIBRAVOX DOT ORG
RECORDING BY SIMON WAYNRIGHT
THE EPISODE OF PAUL TO THE EPHESIANS KING JAMES VERSION
CHAPTER ONE
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ, by the will of God,
to the saints which are at Ephesus,
and to the faithful in Christ Jesus.
Grace be to you and peace from God our Father
and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ
who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings
in heavenly places in Christ,
according as he hath chosen us in him
before the foundation of the world,
that we should be holy and without blame before him in love,
having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ
to himself according to the good pleasure of his will,
to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved,
in whom we have redemption through his blood,
the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace,
wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence,
having made known unto us the mystery of his will,
according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself,
that in the dispensation of the fullness of times
he might gather together in one all things in Christ,
both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him,
in whom also we have obtained an inheritance,
being predestinated according to the purpose of him
who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will,
that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ,
in whom ye also trusted after that ye heard the word of truth,
the gospel of your salvation in whom also after that ye believe
ye were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise,
which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased
possession unto the praise of his glory,
wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus and love unto all the saints,
cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers,
that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory,
may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him,
the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that ye may know
what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance
in the saints, and what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe
according to the working of his mighty power which he wrought in Christ when he raised him
from the dead and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places far above all
the world, and have put all things under his feet and gave him to be the head
over all things to the church which is his body, the fullness of him that filleth all in all.
Chapter 2 And you hath he quickened,
which were dead in trespasses and sins, wherein in time past ye walked according to the course
of this world according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh
in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past,
in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind,
and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, who is rich in mercy for his
great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together
with Christ, by grace ye are saved, and hath raised us up together and made us to sit together
in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches
of his grace in his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are ye saved through
faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God, not of works lest any man should boast,
for we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained
that we should walk in them. Wherefore remember that ye being in time past gentiles in the flesh
who are called uncircumcision by that which is called the circumcision in the flesh made by hands,
that at that time ye were without Christ being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel and
strangers from the covenants of promise having no hope and without God in the world. But now in
Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ, for he is our
peace who hath made both one and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us,
having abolished in his flesh the enmity even the law of commandments contained in ordinances
for to make in himself of twain one new man so making peace, and that he might reconcile
both unto God in one body by the cross having slain the enmity thereby, and came and preached
peace to you which were afar off and to them that were nigh. For through him we both have access by
one spirit unto the Father. Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners but fellow citizens
with the saints and of the household of God and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and
prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone in whom all the building fitly framed
together groweth unto and holy temple in the Lord in whom ye also are builded together for
inhabitation of God through the Spirit. Chapter 3. For this cause I, Paul, the prisoner of Jesus
Christ, for you Gentiles, if ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me
how that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery as I wrote afore in few words
whereby when ye read ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ which in other ages was
not made known unto the sons of men as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by
the Spirit that the Gentiles should be fellow heirs and of the same body and partakers of his
promise in Christ by the gospel whereof I was made a minister according to the gift of the grace of
God given unto me by the effectual working of his power unto me who am less than the least of all
is this grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ
and to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world
have been hid in God who created all things by Jesus Christ to the intent that now unto the
and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God
according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord in whom
we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him wherefore I desire that ye faint not
at my tribulations for you which is your glory for this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our
Lord Jesus Christ of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named that he would grant you
according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the
that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that ye being rooted and grounded in love
may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height
and to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge that ye might be filled with all the
exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power that worketh in us
unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages world without end amen end of
one through three